Operator guide for Comm service (#2)
massdriver-cloud/azure-communication-service: operator.mdx

### Business to consumer applications
Engage external customers using voice, video, and text chat in browser and native apps. You can send and receive SMS messages, or use the [Interactive Voice Response system (IVR)](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-telephony/blob/main/EnableTelephony.md) using a phone number acquired through Azure. You can also integrate through Microsoft Teams to connect consumers to Teams meetings hosted by employees; ideal for remote healthcare, banking, and product support scenarios.

### Consumer to consumer applications
Build engaging C2C interactions with voice, video, and rich text chat. Any type of UI can be built using [Azure Communication Service SDKS](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/communication-services/concepts/sdk-options).

## Features
### API endpoint artifact

> The Azure Communication Service endpoint artifact will output the API endpoint of the Communication service so that your applications can natively use it as an environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Azure Communication Service will produce an endpoint artifact. This is included the endpoint and security needed to connect to the Azure Communication Service.
```

Author: Made this change with a slight modification for grammar :P
